So we're done with this module. As I just summarized,
we added a couple of nice features which allow us to interact with the user, give the user a little bit
more control and also for example, interact with forms here, more complex forms where we have our own
validation and our own logic for checking whether things are working correctly.
We're now able to edit and add products here which of course isn't too bad
and with that, you learned about very important tools which you can use in pretty much any application
you build because you almost always interact with the users in some way
and that hopefully therefore helps you in your next applications. We'll now move on and we'll also learn
how we can now get data out of this local app here and store it on a server
and of course also fetch it from there.